Ans 1: Git is a popular version control system(VCS). It was created by Linux Torvalds in 2005 and has been 
       maintained by Junio Hamano.

Ans 2: Version control, also known as source control, is the practice of tracking and managing changes to software code.
       Version control systems are software tools that help software teams manage changes to source code over time.

Ans 3: GitHub is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration.
       It lets you and others work together on projects from anywhere. This tutorial teaches you GitHub essentials 
       like repositories, branches, commits, and pull requests.

Ans 4: Some popular Git hosting sevices are Bitbucket, Gitlab, Perforce, ,Codebase,etc.

Ans 5: There are two types version control systems:
       1.Centralized Version Control System.
       2.Distributed Version Control System.

       Centralized Version Control System:- Developers can collaborate and do the changes.Example: CVS, Subversion,etc.

       Distributed Version Control System:- Developers doesn't check out the latest snapshot of the files rather they fully
       mirror the repository including its full history.Example: Git, Mercurial,Darcs,etc.

Ans 6: Benefits comes with using GIT 
       1.Performance
       2.Security
       3.Flexibility
       4.Wide acceptance
       5.Quality open source project

Ans 7: A Git repository tracks and saves the history of all changes made to the files in a Git project. 
       It saves this data in a directory called . git , also known as the repository folder. 
       Git uses a version control system to track all changes made to the project and save them in the repository.

Ans 8: Steps to initialize a repository in Git are:-
       1. Create a new repository on GitHub.com. ...
       2. Open TerminalTerminalGit Bash.
       3. Change the current working directory to your local project.
       4. Use the init command to initialize the local directory as a Git repository. ...
       5. Add the files in your new local repository. ...
       6. Commit the files that you've staged in your local repository.